update: update the Spring Boot tutorial (#3721)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/jvm/jvm-spring-boot-using-crudrepository.md

4. Update the messages table definition to generate the ids for the inserted objects. Since `id` is a string, you can use the `RANDOM_UUID()` function to generate the id value by default:

    ```sql
    CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS messages (
        id      VARCHAR(60)  DEFAULT RANDOM_UUID() PRIMARY KEY,
        text    VARCHAR      NOT NULL
    );
    ```

5. Update the name of the database in the `application.properties` file located in the `src/main/resources` folder:

   ```none
   spring.datasource.driver-class-name=org.h2.Driver
   spring.datasource.url=jdbc:h2:file:./data/testdb2
   spring.datasource.username=name
   spring.datasource.password=password
   spring.sql.init.schema-locations=classpath:schema.sql
   spring.sql.init.mode=always
   ```

> Here is a complete code of the `DemoApplication.kt`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the complete code for `DemoApplication.kt`:
```
